---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-19T10:23:48.756Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-19T10:23:38.042Z'
title: Day 2
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-19-day-2.md
published: true
url: day-2/index.html
_type: Article

---
**Day 2 - The Magic Rock - **Magic Practice Number 2****  
  1. Repeat steps one to three of Magic Practice Number 1 -- Count Your Blessings: Make a list of ten blessings. Write why you're grateful. Reread your list, and at the end of each blessing say thank you, thank you, thank you, and feel as grateful for that blessing as you can.
    1. Thank you for former coworkers like B which can lead to great new job opportunities! Thank you, thank you, thank you!
    2. Thank you for Hulu so I can be lazy and binge watch. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
    3. Thank you for Naked Juice, it's delicious. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
    4. Thank you for E so I have someone to do this with and because she's awesome. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
    5. Thank you for Fridays and Thursdays on a long weekend because who doesn't like relaxing on the weekend. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
    6. Thank you for the opportunity for a better job that pays more than I've been getting. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
    7. Thank you for the Vampire Diaries because it's given me years of entertainment. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
    8. Thank you for my family because they're always there even though I may not always appreciate them. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
    9. Thank you for dishwashers so I can get away with not doing the dishes by hand when I don't want. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
    10. Thank you for today because it is never a guarantee! Thank you, thank you, thank you!
  2. Find a Magic Rock and put it by your bedside.
  3. Before going to sleep tonight, hold your Magic Rock in your hand and think of the best thing that happened today.
  4. Say the magic words, thank you, for the best thing that happened today.
  5. Repeat the Magic Rock practice every night for the next 26 days.
  6. Read tomorrow's magical practice today.